ALL	
Returns all the rows in a table, or all the values in a column, ignoring any filters that might have been applied.

ALLCROSSFILTERED	
Clear all filters which are applied to a table.

ALLEXCEPT	
Removes all context filters in the table except filters that have been applied to the specified columns.

ALLNOBLANKROW	
From the parent table of a relationship, returns all rows but the blank row, or all distinct values of a column but the blank row, and disregards any context filters that might exist.

ALLSELECTED	
Removes context filters from columns and rows in the current query, while retaining all other context filters or explicit filters.

CALCULATE	
Evaluates an expression in a modified filter context.

CALCULATETABLE	
Evaluates a table expression in a modified filter context.

EARLIER	
Returns the current value of the specified column in an outer evaluation pass of the mentioned column.

EARLIEST	
Returns the current value of the specified column in an outer evaluation pass of the specified column.

FILTER	
Returns a table that represents a subset of another table or expression.

FIRST	
Used in visual calculations only. Retrieves a value in the visual matrix from the first row of an axis.

INDEX	
Returns a row at an absolute position, specified by the position parameter, within the specified partition, sorted by the specified order or on the specified axis.

KEEPFILTERS	
Modifies how filters are applied while evaluating a CALCULATE or CALCULATETABLE function.

LAST	
Used in visual calculations only. Retrieves a value in the visual matrix from the last row of an axis.

LOOKUPVALUE	
Returns the value for the row that meets all criteria specified by search conditions. The function can apply one or more search conditions.

MATCHBY	
In window functions, defines the columns that are used to determine how to match data and identify the current row.

MOVINGAVERAGE	
Returns a moving average calculated along the given axis of the visual matrix.

NEXT	
Used in visual calculations only. Retrieves a value in the next row of an axis in the visual matrix.

OFFSET	
Returns a single row that is positioned either before or after the current row within the same table, by a given offset.

ORDERBY	
Defines the columns that determine the sort order within each of a window function’s partitions.

PARTITIONBY	
Defines the columns that are used to partition a window function’s <relation> parameter.

PREVIOUS	
Used in visual calculations only. Retrieves a value in the previous row of an axis in the visual matrix.

RANGE	
Returns an interval of rows within the given axis, relative to the current row. A shortcut for WINDOW.

RANK	
Returns the ranking of a row within the given interval.

REMOVEFILTERS	
Clears filters from the specified tables or columns.

ROWNUMBER	
Returns the unique ranking of a row within the given interval.

RUNNINGSUM	
Returns a running sum calculated along the given axis of the visual matrix.

SELECTEDVALUE	Returns the value when the context for columnName has been filtered down to one distinct value only. Otherwise returns alternateResult.

WINDOW	Returns multiple rows which are positioned within the given interval.
