BETA.DIST	
Returns the beta distribution.

BETA.INV	
Returns the inverse of the beta cumulative probability density function (BETA.DIST).

CHISQ.DIST	
Returns the chi-squared distribution.

CHISQ.DIST.RT	
Returns the right-tailed probability of the chi-squared distribution.

CHISQ.INV	
Returns the inverse of the left-tailed probability of the chi-squared distribution.

CHISQ.INV.RT	
Returns the inverse of the right-tailed probability of the chi-squared distribution.

COMBIN	
Returns the number of combinations for a given number of items.

COMBINA	
Returns the number of combinations (with repetitions) for a given number of items.

CONFIDENCE.NORM	
The confidence interval is a range of values.

CONFIDENCE.T	
Returns the confidence interval for a population mean, using a Student's t distribution.

EXPON.DIST	
Returns the exponential distribution.

GEOMEAN	
Returns the geometric mean of the numbers in a column.

GEOMEANX	
Returns the geometric mean of an expression evaluated for each row in a table.

LINEST	
Uses the Least Squares method to calculate a straight line that best fits the given data.

LINESTX	
Uses the Least Squares method to calculate a straight line that best fits the given data. The data result from expressions evaluated for each row in a table.

MEDIAN	
Returns the median of numbers in a column.

MEDIANX	
Returns the median number of an expression evaluated for each row in a table.

NORM.DIST	
Returns the normal distribution for the specified mean and standard deviation.

NORM.INV	
The inverse of the normal cumulative distribution for the specified mean and standard deviation.

NORM.S.DIST	
Returns the standard normal distribution (has a mean of zero and a standard deviation of one).

NORM.S.INV	
Returns the inverse of the standard normal cumulative distribution.

PERCENTILE.EXC	
Returns the k-th percentile of values in a range, where k is in the range 0..1, exclusive.

PERCENTILE.INC	
Returns the k-th percentile of values in a range, where k is in the range 0..1, inclusive.

PERCENTILEX.EXC	
Returns the percentile number of an expression evaluated for each row in a table.

PERCENTILEX.INC	
Returns the percentile number of an expression evaluated for each row in a table.

PERMUT	
Returns the number of permutations for a given number of objects that can be selected from number objects.

POISSON.DIST	
Returns the Poisson distribution.

RANK.EQ	
Returns the ranking of a number in a list of numbers.

RANKX	
Returns the ranking of a number in a list of numbers for each row in the table argument.

SAMPLE	
Returns a sample of N rows from the specified table.

STDEV.P	
Returns the standard deviation of the entire population.

STDEV.S	
Returns the standard deviation of a sample population.

STDEVX.P	
Returns the standard deviation of the entire population.

STDEVX.S	
Returns the standard deviation of a sample population.

T.DIST	
Returns the Student's left-tailed t-distribution.

T.DIST.2T	
Returns the two-tailed Student's t-distribution.

T.DIST.RT	
Returns the right-tailed Student's t-distribution.

T.INV	
Returns the left-tailed inverse of the Student's t-distribution.

T.INV.2t	
Returns the two-tailed inverse of the Student's t-distribution.

VAR.P	
Returns the variance of the entire population.

VAR.S	
Returns the variance of a sample population.

VARX.P	
Returns the variance of the entire population.

VARX.S	
Returns the variance of a sample population.
