CLOSINGBALANCEMONTH	
Evaluates the expression at the last date of the month in the current context.

CLOSINGBALANCEQUARTER	
Evaluates the expression at the last date of the quarter in the current context.

CLOSINGBALANCEYEAR	
Evaluates the expression at the last date of the year in the current context.

DATEADD	
Returns a table that contains a column of dates, shifted either forward or backward in time by the specified number of intervals from the dates in the current context.

DATESBETWEEN	
Returns a table that contains a column of dates that begins with a specified start date and continues until a specified end date.

DATESINPERIOD	
Returns a table that contains a column of dates that begins with a specified start date and continues for the specified number and type of date intervals.

DATESMTD	
Returns a table that contains a column of the dates for the month to date, in the current context.

DATESQTD	
Returns a table that contains a column of the dates for the quarter to date, in the current context.

DATESYTD	
Returns a table that contains a column of the dates for the year to date, in the current context.

ENDOFMONTH	
Returns the last date of the month in the current context for the specified column of dates.

ENDOFQUARTER	
Returns the last date of the quarter in the current context for the specified column of dates.

ENDOFYEAR	
Returns the last date of the year in the current context for the specified column of dates.

FIRSTDATE	
Returns the first date in the current context for the specified column of dates.

LASTDATE	
Returns the last date in the current context for the specified column of dates.

NEXTDAY	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates from the next day, based on the first date specified in the dates column in the current context.

NEXTMONTH	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates from the next month, based on the first date in the dates column in the current context.

NEXTQUARTER	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates in the next quarter, based on the first date specified in the dates column, in the current context.

NEXTYEAR	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates in the next year, based on the first date in the dates column, in the current context.

OPENINGBALANCEMONTH	
Evaluates the expression at the first date of the month in the current context.

OPENINGBALANCEQUARTER	
Evaluates the expression at the first date of the quarter, in the current context.

OPENINGBALANCEYEAR	
Evaluates the expression at the first date of the year in the current context.

PARALLELPERIOD	
Returns a table that contains a column of dates that represents a period parallel to the dates in the specified dates column, in the current context, with the dates shifted a number of intervals either forward in time or back in time.

PREVIOUSDAY	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates representing the day that is previous to the first date in the dates column, in the current context.

PREVIOUSMONTH	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates from the previous month, based on the first date in the dates column, in the current context.

PREVIOUSQUARTER	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates from the previous quarter, based on the first date in the dates column, in the current context.

PREVIOUSYEAR	
Returns a table that contains a column of all dates from the previous year, given the last date in the dates column, in the current context.

SAMEPERIODLASTYEAR	
Returns a table that contains a column of dates shifted one year back in time from the dates in the specified dates column, in the current context.

STARTOFMONTH	
Returns the first date of the month in the current context for the specified column of dates.

STARTOFQUARTER	
Returns the first date of the quarter in the current context for the specified column of dates.

STARTOFYEAR	
Returns the first date of the year in the current context for the specified column of dates.

TOTALMTD	
Evaluates the value of the expression for the month to date, in the current context.

TOTALQTD	
Evaluates the value of the expression for the dates in the quarter to date, in the current context.

TOTALYTD	
Evaluates the year-to-date value of the expression in the current context.
